README.md, before:

# Usage

See the [JavaScript SDK](sdk/).

    yarn add @cere/ddc-contracts-sdk

# Contract Deployments

See the latest deployments in [deployments.js](sdk/src/deployments.js). Use git tags to find previous versions.

To deploy:

- Update the version in the relevant [Cargo.toml](bucket/Cargo.toml) and [package.json](sdk/package.json).
- Build the contracts: `cd bucket && cargo test && cargo contract build --release`
- Update the [SDK ABIs](sdk/src/abi/) using `cp target/ink/ddc_bucket/metadata.json sdk/src/abi/ddc_bucket.json`
- Use the script [deploy.js](deploy.js) to deploy the contracts.
- Update the [SDK default contracts](sdk/src/deployments.js).
- Publish the JS SDK (this requires an `NPM_TOKEN`): `cd sdk && npm publish`
- Regenerate the documentation with `cargo doc --workspace` and find it at `target/doc/ddc_bucket/index.html`

# Contract Development

    rustup install nightly-2021-12-05
    rustup component add rust-src --toolchain nightly-2021-12-05
    rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown --toolchain nightly-2021-12-05
    cargo install cargo-contract --version ^0.14 --force --locked

    # Install binaryen in a version >= 99
    #apt-get install binaryen
    #brew install binaryen

# Test

    # Fast test
    cargo test

    # Long test
    node deploy.js

Commit message:

Instructions to visualize the state of the network

README.md, after:

# Usage

See the [JavaScript SDK](sdk/).

    yarn add @cere/ddc-contracts-sdk

# Contract Deployments

See the latest deployments in [deployments.js](sdk/src/deployments.js). Use git tags to find previous versions.

To deploy:

- Update the version in the relevant [Cargo.toml](bucket/Cargo.toml) and [package.json](sdk/package.json).
- Build the contracts: `cd bucket && cargo test && cargo contract build --release`
- Update the [SDK ABIs](sdk/src/abi/) using `cp target/ink/ddc_bucket/metadata.json sdk/src/abi/ddc_bucket.json`
- Use the script [deploy.js](deploy.js) to deploy the contracts.
- Update the [SDK default contracts](sdk/src/deployments.js).
- Publish the JS SDK (this requires an `NPM_TOKEN`): `cd sdk && npm publish`
- Regenerate the documentation with `cargo doc --workspace` and find it at `target/doc/ddc_bucket/index.html`

# Contract Development

    rustup install nightly-2021-12-05
    rustup component add rust-src --toolchain nightly-2021-12-05
    rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown --toolchain nightly-2021-12-05
    cargo install cargo-contract --version ^0.14 --force --locked

    # Install binaryen in a version >= 99
    #apt-get install binaryen
    #brew install binaryen

# Test

    # Fast test off-chain
    cargo test

    # Long test after an on-chain deployment (see instructions above)
    node demo.js

    # Visualize the state of the network.
    # Read this .md file, ideally with a Markdown and Mermaid editor (e.g., VSCode with Markdown Preview Mermaid Support).
    node print_ddc_bucket.js > local/Network_state.md
